说も違coal
s
ов
.
iem
。。
nah
If there was a chance to persuade thisbook in a beautiful world,
India would be or永遠に救う施設だった
I sure don't wish to promote popular welcome to all the引上民
so to now you see I am the licence of that person
to try U.S. presence as vaihtur
and will work for US chili
that's how I begin
masira Trinov and intelligent man when the present
India is producing talk but it is facing the
time when a mind
should make final decision to direct this
is now the military withdrawal
The contact was completely cut off.
The Jukei regime fell into an isolated state.
However, the thing that should not be given to the Jukei of the Beiei is
worthless gold.
Moreover, what the Beiei wants from the Jukei is
the Chinese people's land and flesh.
Today, the Beiei has all kinds of pride and reverence
and the Jukei of the Beiei wants to destroy the common people.
It wants to destroy the other countries and protect itself.
It wants to destroy the people and leave them behind.
It wants to see the reality of the Jukei
and the Jukei of the Beiei.
I feel a great sense of pride.